Overriding: out_dir = out-shakespeare-char
Overriding: device = cpu
number of parameters: 0.03M
Loading meta from data/shakespeare_char/meta.pkl...

She thou god brotns 'tweiss to you kis

and old bled thir sad and 'sporns you betinkere,
sould rers preanixg cominton, four there titry,
For than trutsurnty, the the heaving are,
When he thou thous, I lord your durlaply thou have yor four twick.

Ours sured I whond, my Rife and and be god thou bler!
I not? Wherent; no far theyy, din.

Ine soll, I farty ward dower:
He would, yees to conforand, whosh you sur be to common.

ISARD I'll whow mownut; bure properter no, thou to not.

NORY kind einsteri
---------------

Yhat vitores seray.

I'll, Rome is amplelpy come, you brother of I lesed,
And songly, For too be his and you dould, bod, shis of you come he say.
Whar whing let how tor am, I not amler.
I' when t her twich Morens, are hous seave, 'llovins of you thes to dace mitre to madernn,
Nown, this wing of you dews be I word to shomen,

Then the one to good to would dreacd, whilld,
Pray somrden butulles for and abery shar for bainty,
And the be gawn, which, my not comon, in woy do.

DUKE VINCENTER:

And, so
---------------

I shat when prove thou be shan, and do how the sang utwind thou that this no for comend rem's,
Thou commins, you werews that fith, you some!
Whind, when my beremof, he his formine,
How boing thee, for noble, would. That woulw'd thre from's brod
Pover boon and one be stir whor prince, as nemple!

Ine you, where thut by would, seare now ind had then, les yom.

KING HENRY VI
EDWARD I'll God haje:
I' spak Mading therl be soll.

ROMENE:
Upay, whrowns, thou Somen.

ELI:
Have shar now, ind thrown,
Fors
---------------

How' DwIABRD I's you shall, be my Forset this have,
What would conncess, moulds your fould
Borts not trim Lordy, the and witt from,.
And reawn, him be then withou deret-som!
For I hervicy not with list's them to case
For you my sen, I we had ever muste for trower poom
And, whes he to not for shas of brow's graet.

EDWARD I'lls, whoread of witibenns spray,
Come to firntener.

VOLINCET:
I'll the duk.

HENRY VOLURY PENNARD:
Ine, lef with how, your you would!
My, thine to thou Roment.

IS O sward, h
---------------

his the fobbe how fay you this if the that,
And with to in weand Chams in prie's und hour rad;
This berean, our hous a with in the trest to bbege:
Where dit you non lougen, and you deours
The thes, andy auger pend-to the them to dad's me
soblere's whes berie down with sher you lenst,
Soming ave from let prine, bring! Whoud?

KING LERDWARD IV:
all therew in wom: I you rearss to come!
How yor for to you don, who; whous lors and justy!

LEWARD IV:
Where bey new you Surn trand theer, which oughs whi
---------------

Boourd hink wound whand; Ion now:
this o, I how are for this then would, whing,
For yet mory why loud thou and wing to the ree ray ence rien;
Why, whick adle in swers?

Shork, our fours; pearchan Thise,
For conncess benter of to sting ther on not server one,
Thy durd net you the ablown, shing rince;
Four pon this, how have, I cours would a that lighterved,
I'elly for wing his justerewn with sher, more;
Which fory to do dothen and verowly.

BELADUTES:
For you mownly, and this the you, you you to 
---------------

HENRY VI
I ROMETTER:
Thou him kind shave to den; therel havent, what,
King her, whore noow the for dad-not them andrews he
The blod you know his me seef.
He Poon! The bere now, whit, ward me that dows
Howy throw'd his there har comens, From his and clongle-aden,
Were, you the mow?

HENRY BOLUT:
Whe pring, aus when, And sown wing, mocke
This fownirs tre foress whing suay, what, were
Whis with bocks's would seaks winters me to to ward with,
Fort I belle cornces:
Nour shad for he this tee for Spear
---------------

LEDWIA:
Bloown: would this conders, I thoun lid-

He down, when'e will be for wenownd, whold for be dotly,
Enous bon deter be then the have, may So, no sprow;
Whuld fort of you with mornest by him,
Not to do this but down, oo's derster!
You supess, not you dik would, my not but,
list. Now, so woulf we hont on you spartied!
Hast for thy, how dre by love you how no drack must not--in king not do such.

PERDIN:
Enow, withinds Downick and anmen, steword meant,
Thir mand'st thou dlew, be tow o bees s
---------------

Look doulss andlew to thes the noth well more, wno,
lik finourdy then barch'd bent for and shervies now coond.

Nown:
He, the for witt the sands'd how should?

I poors, no blost, whould the lest weretres
for should, the would you for to fries year have,
Good and, dere comme fomand onceron: why dor for what hous,
Thim show comed, alle ding known, derting react yet
This have my to do seping and fall come his for, for bore
Whuld not conce, sour, my they his, by, you wo-mans;
hive you saret prayy fo
---------------

LEBDWARD I'll do the and beminer,
And her shas for me pronce thou would shan the him,
And me in whore tou from net thou wich romn,
Ine your agece shoing to for romy, beally for es whom,
Than, come and wous speenty, timine than.

CARIUS:
I you some spey in mow in wit me dels not,
Ine thou grace, what wer with mandery seers sen uned the wrife,
That browen thing everen then: that this thing troy,
Be for good, thou, come fayir.

LEDWARWICEDWARD IV:
Why, why, near, new aurd thou not have, and to ring
---------------
